# CSE-170 Derek Earl
Week03 Reflection Technical Teamwork                                                                                    100 pts.
1. Why is this week's topic important for teamwork? (20 pts.)  This week we learned about personality.  It is important to know what type of personality that you have so that you can know how to best contribute to the project you may be working on.  It is important also if you need to do a self evaluation and maybe change some things in order to best contribute to the team.
2. How do plan on contributing to the team, besides completing your tasks? (20 pts.)  I will be sure to be a good team player by putting off the impression that I want to work with and am excited to work with when waorking on a project.  I will put off the impression that people can come to me if they need any help as well.
3. How does your experience relate to other experiences you have had? (20 pts.) I have been around some people who are not good to work around and it can slow down everyone that is on the team.  It ties in with last weeks discussion on influence and how being a good team player or having a good personality can make things run smooth.
4. Tell me about what you taught someone? And what did they learn, that they didn’t know before? (20 pts.)  I was able to share this with someone who I work with and he said he never thought how before if someone is a "debby downer that people can really bring down a team and sometimes even a whole company.
5. If this was a religion class, how would you relate this week’s topic to the gospel? (20 pts.)  the lord said to always be of good cheer in all thy doings.  If we show up with a good attitude ready to work we will be able to really to marvelous things that we never knew we could achieve before.
