Derek Earl Week 05 Personal Project
1. What is your style?  In regards to my style I would personally see myself as a mix of an extrovert and an introvert, because it depends on the type of people that I am around.  When it comes to being a leader, I am never scared to face any challenge that is thrown my way.  I do like working in teams so that I can take into consideration the views of others of the situation that lies ahead.
2. When do like people to approach you and how?  I would prefer if people approach me when I am not in the middle of working on a serious project, unless it is an emergency or the person has sound advice on the project that I am working on.  I am always willing to help others that are struggling or to seek help when I am struggling so long as it is something that is actually useful.
3. What do you value?  I would say that above all things I do value trust with knowledge coming in second place.  If I can trust the people around me or the ones that are in charge of me or the ones that I am in charge of then I will be ok with the things that are thrown my way.
4. How do you like people to communicate with you?  I am adaptiable to all forms of communication.  I would prefer to talk face to face but remote communication is also great with me as well.
5. How do you make decisions?  I mostly make all decisions based on a number of things like logic, past experience, and data.
How can people help you?  I learn best doing hands-on experience and really learning to see where my mistakes are from a first-person point of view.
What will you not tolerate in others?  I will tolerate any form of harassment that is meant to hurt or bring down someone in any way.  That includes physical, verbal, or sexual as well.  I will also not tolerate dishonesty of any kind especially towards the compnay that I am working for
